source/techdata.rst, before:

Technical Data
==============

Size and Weight
---------------

Dimensions:
    30 :math:`\times` 40 :math:`\times` 5 mm

Weight:
    TBA

TDC characteristics
-------------------
Refer to the main `TimeTagge4 User Guide 
<https://download.cronologic.de/TimeTagger/TimeTagger4_User_Guide.pdf>`_.


Information required by DIN EN 61010-1
--------------------------------------

.. _manufacturer:

Manufacturer
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The device is a product of:

    | **cronologic** GmbH & Co. KG
    | Jahnstraße 49
    | D-60318 Frankfurt

    | HRA 42869 beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt/M
    | VAT-ID: DE235184378


Intended Use and System Integration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

TBA

Recycling
~~~~~~~~~

cronologic is registered with the “Stiftung Elektro-Altgeräte Register”
as a manufacturer of electronic systems with **Registration ID DE 77895909**.

The device belongs to **Category 9**, **“Überwachungs und
Kontrollinstrumente für aus**\ :raw-latex:`\-`\ **schließlich gewerbliche
Nutzung.”** The last owner of the device must recycle it in compliance with
**§11** and **§12** of the German ElektroG, or return it to the manufacturer’s
address listed in :numref:`Section %s<manufacturer>`.

Commit message:

Include "Intended Use and System Integration"

source/techdata.rst, after:

Technical Data
==============

Size and Weight
---------------

Dimensions:
    30 :math:`\times` 40 :math:`\times` 5 mm

Weight:
    TBA

TDC characteristics
-------------------
Refer to the main `TimeTagge4 User Guide 
<https://download.cronologic.de/TimeTagger/TimeTagger4_User_Guide.pdf>`_.


Information required by DIN EN 61010-1
--------------------------------------

.. _manufacturer:

Manufacturer
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The device is a product of:

    | **cronologic** GmbH & Co. KG
    | Jahnstraße 49
    | D-60318 Frankfurt

    | HRA 42869 beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt/M
    | VAT-ID: DE235184378


Intended Use and System Integration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The devices are **not ready to use as delivered** by cronologic. It requires 
the development of **carrier boards** and **specialized software** to fulfill
the application-needs of the end-user.
The device is provided to system integrators to be built into measurement
systems that are distributed to end users. These systems usually consist of the
TimeTagger Module integrated on a PCIe carrier board, a main board, a case, 
application software and possibly additional
electronics to attach the system to some type of detector. They might also be
integrated with the detector. 

The TimeTagger Module is designed to comply with **DIN EN 61326-1** when
operated on a PCIe compliant main board housed in a properly
shielded enclosure. When operated in a closed standard compliant enclosure, the
device does not pose any hazards as defined by **EN 61010-1**. 

Radiated emissions,
noise immunity, and safety highly depend on the quality of the enclosure. It is
the responsibility of the system integrator to ensure that the assembled system
is compliant to applicable standards of the country that the system is operated
in, especially with regard to user safety and electromagnetic interference. 

When handling the board, adequate measures must be taken to protect the
circuits against electrostatic discharge (ESD). All power supplied to the
system must be turned off before installing the board

Recycling
~~~~~~~~~

cronologic is registered with the “Stiftung Elektro-Altgeräte Register”
as a manufacturer of electronic systems with **Registration ID DE 77895909**.

The device belongs to **Category 9**, **“Überwachungs und
Kontrollinstrumente für aus**\ :raw-latex:`\-`\ **schließlich gewerbliche
Nutzung.”** The last owner of the device must recycle it in compliance with

**§11** and **§12** of the German ElektroG, or return it to the manufacturer’s
address listed in :numref:`Section %s<manufacturer>`.
